
==== NAME ====

Posy::Plugin::TextToHTML - Posy plugin to convert plain text files to HTML.


==== VERSION ====

This describes version ``0.6101'' of Posy::Plugin::TextToHTML.


==== DESCRIPTION ====

This uses the HTML::TextToHTML module (as used by the txt2html script) to
convert the body of an entry from text into HTML. This checks the extension
of the entry file, and if it is 'txt', then it will convert the entry.

This basically replaces the 'parse_entry' method, and calls the parent
method for anything other than text.


==   Configuration   ==

This expects configuration settings in the $self->{config} hash, which, in
the default Posy setup, can be defined in the main "config" file in the data
directory.

``txt2html_options''
Set the options for the text-to-HTML processing. See HTML::TextToHTML for
details. Certain options are meaningless in this context and will be
ignored, since this is not being processed as a full file, but as just body
content. Therefore options such as 'append_file', 'prepend_file' and
'append_head' will not work, as well as options which refer to doing things
to the headers. But that's okay, since you can do things like that with
flavours and other plugins.

Give the options as one long space-separated string, with each option name
followed by its value. For example:

txt2html_options: xhtml 1 escape_HTML_chars 0 make_anchors 0

``txt2html_parent''
Pass the text-to-html processing to the parent module. (default: false)

If true, this will just call the parent parse_entry; thus some conversion
will happen, but the Posy::Core conversion just sticks PRE tags around
everything, very simple.

Use this to disable needless lengthy processing if, for example, you are
only displaying a "short body" (see Posy::Plugin::ShortBody) for 'chrono' or
'category' path-types, where many entry files are being processed. One could
thus set this to true (1) in the chrono.config file, for example. (See also
"txt2html_raw_flavour")

``txt2html_raw_flavour''
txt2html_raw_flavour: txt

If txt2html_parent is false, and the current flavour matches this string,
then do no processing at all; set the entry body to be the same as the raw
entry. This is useful if, for example, one has a 'txt' flavour which just
wants plain text to display.


==== INSTALLATION ====

Installation needs will vary depending on the particular setup a person has.


==   Administrator, Automatic   ==

If you are the administrator of the system, then the dead simple method of
installing the modules is to use the CPAN or CPANPLUS system.

    cpanp -i Posy::Plugin::TextToHTML

This will install this plugin in the usual places where modules get
installed when one is using CPAN(PLUS).


==   Administrator, By Hand   ==

If you are the administrator of the system, but don't wish to use the
CPAN(PLUS) method, then this is for you. Take the *.tar.gz file and untar it
in a suitable directory.

To install this module, run the following commands:

    perl Build.PL
    ./Build
    ./Build test
    ./Build install

Or, if you're on a platform (like DOS or Windows) that doesn't like the "./"
notation, you can do this:

   perl Build.PL
   perl Build
   perl Build test
   perl Build install


==   User With Shell Access   ==

If you are a user on a system, and don't have root/administrator access, you
need to install Posy somewhere other than the default place (since you don't
have access to it). However, if you have shell access to the system, then
you can install it in your home directory.

Say your home directory is "/home/fred", and you want to install the modules
into a subdirectory called "perl".

Download the *.tar.gz file and untar it in a suitable directory.

    perl Build.PL --install_base /home/fred/perl
    ./Build
    ./Build test
    ./Build install

This will install the files underneath /home/fred/perl.

You will then need to make sure that you alter the PERL5LIB variable to find
the modules, and the PATH variable to find the scripts (posy_one,
posy_static).

Therefore you will need to change: your path, to include
/home/fred/perl/script (where the script will be)

        PATH=/home/fred/perl/script:${PATH}

the PERL5LIB variable to add /home/fred/perl/lib

        PERL5LIB=/home/fred/perl/lib:${PERL5LIB}


==== REQUIRES ====

    Posy
    Posy::Core
    HTML::TextToHTML

    Test::More


==== AUTHOR ====

    Kathryn Andersen (RUBYKAT)
    perlkat AT katspace dot com
    http://www.katspace.com


==== COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE ====

Copyright (c) 2004-2005 by Kathryn Andersen

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.

